---------------------------------------------------
Source code build instructions

These steps are only necessary if you want to modify and build the Badaap Comic Reader (BCR) from its sources. 
You want to do this if you want to test if the changes you made are functional in a production build.

They are NOT NECESSARY if you have downloaded a pre-packaged production build.

Requirements:
- Apache webserver >= 2.2 with PHP >= 5.3.
- A working Sencha Touch 2.0 and Sencha SDK Tools build environment.

*** Sencha Touch installation ***
In order to build BCR, you must download and install the Sencha Touch 2.0 libraries and the Sencha SDK Tools.

Sencha Touch 2.0
http://www.sencha.com/products/touch/download/

Sencha SDK Tools
http://www.sencha.com/products/sdk-tools/download

Check the Sencha.com website and forums for tutorials and how-to on how to setup Sencha Touch and the SDK tools.

Badaap Comic Reader v0.1 is tested and build with Sencha Touch 2.0.1.1 and the Sencha SDK Tools 2.0.0-beta3.


In order to develop for BCR build, perform the following steps:
1. Checkout the BCR source files to a folder on your harddrive.
2. Unpack the Sencha Touch 2.0 libraries to the sdk folder.
3. Make the folder where you unpacked BCR to accessible via apache.

You now have a development environment.
This means that the application is using Sencha Touch debug code and the Sencha Microloader for automatically resolving file dependencies.


NB: The app.json file contains the full url of your development installation of BCR.
This is needed for the Sencha SDK Tools to find file dependencies, so make sure this url works.

In order to create a production build, perform the following steps:
1. Very important: Make sure there are no javascript errors or warnings when running the development code. Use for instance the Chrome developer tools to check this.
2. Run build_production.bat, this will create a folder build\production that contains a minified version of the application.

If you look in the app.json file, you will notice that the url points to 'index-dev.php' instead of 'index.php'
The reason for this is the following.
In order to make a BCR build via the Sencha Tools, the Sencha dependency checker opens the website.
We must make sure that this always occurs via a logged in user, otherwise the check fails.
'index-dev.php' always logs in via the default admin account. 
This assumes that the admin account still exists and that its password wasn't changed.
To ensure this, a new sqlite database 'build.sqlite' is created each time you build the project.







